well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
events on capitol hill
we're going to talk about what they were
and why many americans
do not want to use the very correct
descriptive term for what they were
because there is the idea in the united
states that it can't
happen here but it can
and it almost did
so not to put too fine a point on it
what occurred on capitol hill
was an attempted coup you look at the
intent of those people
who who engaged in it they said it
on live stream and in videos it's a
revolution
it's not we're here to make sure trump
gets his second term
trump is still your president
their intent was very clear they were to
disrupt the transfer of power
that's what it was about a revolution
there's a bunch of difference between a
revolution and a coup but to keep it
simple in conversation
a revolution is about an idea a change
of societal
order a coup is about
a person and changing the head of state
that's the difference and
the goal was to change the head of state
from biden back to trump
it was an attempted coup it failed yes
we talked about it we knew it was going
to
for those who watched that series of
videos
what happened that was the chaos
i said trump could cause chaos he
couldn't succeed
that was the chaos
but the idea that it can't happen here
at all
that's false it failed because it's
trump a successful coup needs certain
things
things that trump is incapable of
providing
most importantly support of the military
had this attempt had support of the
military
it would have been much much worse
that may be
strong motivation to stay politically
engaged
because the next trump may be able to
get support of the military
if we keep walking down the road of
authoritarianism
on a long enough timeline somebody
will attempt it who can get their
support
it's a resilient system but
but it's not perfect it can be
manipulated it withstood this onslaught
from trump but it's not invulnerable
so what can we do
as americans to make sure that this
doesn't happen again
first acknowledge what it was don't
downplay it
don't turn it into oh boys will be boys
type of things
it was an attempted coup understand how
close we are
to the abyss of authoritarianism because
as soon as a coup
succeeds that becomes the normal method
of transferring power
and it's just all downhill from there
the next thing is to hold those
responsible accountable
now when i say that i mean those at the
top
those who fostered the environment
that allowed that idea to flourish the
fbi's open investigations
it appears to me that they're going to
be focusing on what amounts to middle
management
those who were on the ground the day of
and directed events on scene
historically that's not an incredibly
effective strategy
those at the top can always get new
middle management it doesn't really act
as a deterrent
the next thing is to become
anti-authoritarian
now if you're watching this channel and
you watch it frequently and you enjoy
this channel
this isn't going to be an issue for you
you probably already are
or at least have anti-authoritarian
tendencies
but we have to make it the societal norm
remember to change society you don't
have to change the law you have to
change
thought we have to create
an environment in which
being anti-authoritarian is a
prerequisite
to being patriotic to being a good
american
and not just for your in-group
but for everybody nobody should suffer
under the boot of authoritarianism
that's got to be a goal we have to make
it
the norm for people to reject
authoritarian measures from the
government
the last thing is the removal of
president trump
via the 25th amendment impeachment
resignation it doesn't matter he has to
go
he has proven himself too erratic to
hold the levers
of power sadly there's nothing we can do
about that that's up to the
representatives
that's up to other politicians holding
them accountable
maybe law enforcement will do it if not
it's up to us at the ballot box
in the meantime we have to set the tone
that embracing authoritarianism
is is wrong it's un-american it always
has been
and we have to walk back from that edge
because right now we
are close and i know that yesterday
scared a lot of people and
it was unnerving to a lot of people
if we don't walk back
if we don't step back from this edge
we're going to see it more
and more often
the first step towards walking back is
acknowledging what this
was it was an attempted coup
it can't be spun any other way
it was an attempt to change the head of
state
by a small group of people using force
it was an attempted coup it failed
spectacularly but
that doesn't mean the risk is gone there
will be
another ambitious person like trump
and as resilient as the american system
has proven
more so than i thought it would be
it's not invulnerable
it's up to the average citizen
to make being anti-authoritarian
the norm for those who propose
militarizing the police and militant
action
against the citizens by the government
for those who propose that and advocate
that that has to be outside the norm
we have to support each other we need to
seek equality
in freedom not oppression
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day